in traffic right now
it's okay
ready
yes
hot
huh
oh yeah
oh oh my god fumble on the play
Oh
you
ah my dad got a chef to do our turkey so
we're getting our sliced turkey kind of
looks more like a drug deal huh it's a
turkey deal and I'm spying from the car
what are you doing well I don't want it
to the first bar it wouldn't well I'm
not smile I'm taking video it doesn't
matter here we go show yourself this is
her Chris laundry it's very pretty
so pretty you need to get in there too
I'll be happy to say wait wait wait wait
wait wait okay I've got to give you my
moment okay I've got a record get
everybody up there
my mom mom mom thank you okay i need oh
my god because I'm